[Chore] Update docs for programming exercise setup (#2241)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/dev/setup/bamboo-bitbucket-jira.rst

   -  Add capabilities menu → Capability type ``JDK`` → insert ``JDK``
      as JDK label → insert ``/usr/lib/jvm/java-15-oracle`` as Java home.

9. Generate a personal access token

   While username and password can still be used as a fallback, this option is already marked as deprecated and will
   be removed in the future.

   9.1 Personal access token for Bamboo.
   
      - Log in as the admin user and go to Bamboo -> Profile (top right corner) -> Personal access tokens -> Create token

          .. figure:: bamboo-bitbucket-jira/bamboo-create-token.png
             :align: center

>       - Copy the generated token to your ``application-local.yml``:

Reviewer: The rest of the documentation mentions the file `application-artemis.yml`, we should also do this here!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Copy the generated token to the file ``application-artemis.yml``:
```

      .. code:: yaml

          artemis:
              continuous-integration:
                  user: <username>
                  password: <password>
                  token: #insert the token here

   9.2 Personal access token for Bitbucket.

      - Log in as the admin user and go to Bitbucket -> View Profile (top right corner) -> Manage account -> Personal access tokens -> Create token

>       - Copy the generated token to your ``application-local.yml``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Insert the generated token into the file ``application-artemis.yml`` in the section ``version-control``:
```

   -  Add capabilities menu → Capability type ``JDK`` → insert ``JDK``
      as JDK label → insert ``/usr/lib/jvm/java-15-oracle`` as Java home.

9. Generate a personal access token

   9.1 Personal access token for Bamboo.
   
      While username and password can still be used as a fallback, this option is already marked as deprecated and
      will be removed in the future.

      - Log in as the admin user and go to Bamboo -> Profile (top right corner) -> Personal access tokens -> Create token

          .. figure:: bamboo-bitbucket-jira/bamboo-create-token.png
             :align: center

      - Copy the generated token to your ``application-local.yml``:

      .. code:: yaml

          artemis:
              continuous-integration:
                  user: <username>
                  password: <password>
                  token: #insert the token here

   9.2 Personal access token for Bitbucket.
   
      While username and password can still be used as a fallback, this option is already marked as deprecated and

>       will be removed in the future.

Author: thanks! I've fixed that.

      - Log in as the admin user and go to Bamboo -> View Profile (top right corner) -> Manage account -> Personal access tokens -> Create token

      - Copy the generated token to your ``application-local.yml``:

      .. code:: yaml

          artemis:

>               continuous-integration:

Reviewer 2: Should be `version-control:` right?

Author: yep, it's fixed :)
